what happen inside that's cool the search for a motive in a knife attack on fellow students in tonight emotional reunion prepare a best friend who helped save each other hitting home R series on the heroin epidemic in the sky
brave mom who song on the very day shift save her own son from an overdose
another big surprise in late night television Nightly News begins now
this is NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams
grieving police
caters are very anxious to learn what the motive was behind the knife attack on fellow students in a high school in a Pittsburgh suburbs
the young man being held is 16 is being charged as an adult it was a violent frenzy 2 of his victims are still critical yet another school
America is drawing together now after an awful tragedy we begin their again tonight Peter Alexander at Franklin Regional High School
brian Griffin to you police say they are still interviewing witnesses end tonight source is close to the investigation tell NBC News at this time there is no evidence to suggest that the suspect at any specific target did the victims were like we selected at random
this evening a window into those horrifying moments is first responder Florida fishes attack Franklin Regional High School
call reporting 111 life
the severity of the situation quickly became clear
the suspect 16 year old Alex hribal remains behind bars charged as an adult with attempted homicide an aggravated assault rifles attorney at his parents visiting briefly today
visa to Paris with very much in love with her two sons ages to see this coming
investigators are still trying to figure out what sparked the rampage
is UConn a Magin a crime scene was quite Bloody I was clothing and personal belongings currently conducting an investigation deducting interviews of the victims and witnesses
under investigation the possibility of an angry phone call between the suspect at another student the night before the attack 521 students at a security guard most severely wounded 70 junior Jared Boger a member of the local ski patrol who underwent a second surgery overnight
Houston critical condition is still will require a funeral processions
software Chapel Sally's recovering at home right around here at first I didn't even realize he been stopped before a teacher and student classroom thinking like him how long we going to be Hamlet a lot of blood really fast
houses kind of scandal bleed to death Amanda Leonard son bread was stabbed in the back
when my daughter called me at work yesterday freaking out and told me that my son was on the list of victims
Texas best friend to stay with him until paramedics arrive
is Kitchen
we were invited to the hospital today went crazy
he saved your life
he did his microphone
where is she said my life in Italian Kissimmee from bleeding out
friendship now strangers might rattle
forgot your pass always you know that
good news this afternoon Brian Brentwood home for the hospital he says his main goal is to get back on his feet so he can dance at prom
what a turn of events Murrysville Pennsylvania Peter Alexander starting a soft Peter thanks now that we go to the Pacific Northwest the death toll has been slowly rising
in the almost 3 weeks now since the mudslide level data tire town in Washington State
3600 people are now confirmed dead and search ur still looking for 1000 and tonight for the first time we're hearing from a young mother a survivor who was pulled from the debris along with her young baby and we get her story tonight from NBC's Miguel Almaguer
can I find my neighbors house coming out man turns
Pinterest screamed out God favors
tremendous Koreans time will heal her damaged eye socket broken legs in arm with a painful memories will always haunt her
what that are front door
is it was like a movie
houses were explored in the next thing I remember is our neighbors chimney coming into her front doors
unturned Duke
Duke for 6 month old baby boy was in her arms when the wave of Mudd smash their home
what was not letting that baby go
what was not let me go
is a little blue
what was the name
Aarons
163 with me bird
in this bass Dupree field remarkably Amanda's cry for help
she was cut from the rubble Duke carried out clinging to life by a group of strangers amanda is not yet met
I will pay it forward for the rest of my life
amother who lost so much grateful for what she still has Miguel Almaguer NBC News
search teams of Australia say there is more encouraging progress tonight in the effort to find that Malaysia Airlines flight 370
trillion search plane has picked up new pings now commanders believe they are likely from those black boxes up to 3 miles beneath the ocean surface
date night from NBC's Tom Costello
on board the Australian ship ocean shield what may be proved the flight 370
coming from the plane's black box is the newest pans work picked up from a listening device hanging from a floating buoy 1000 feet below the ocean surface
the data was and transmitted to an Air Force planes overhead now the race to capture as possible before the batteries die
just trying to get all those little dots to line up the kind of say yeah this is the area that we want to search searching is still going to take him weeks do that survey
search things must use the data from unknown pain location to Holden on the record below butt with just a few sets of being underwater search zone is 500 square miles roughly the size of Phoenix it would take weeks for men silver ring using sonar to stand at area of the ocean floor
the more pings now the smaller the search zone
of course part in the black boxes will be critical to solving a mystery why does plane lost contact with controllers Appaloosa 4 of course taking the lives of 239 people Bryant
Tom Costello in RDC newsroom tonight um thanks today President Obama pay tribute to the legacy of one of his predecessors saying he himself has lived out the promise of the Civil Rights Act passed by Lyndon Johnson half a century ago
are cheap White House correspondent Chuck Todd was there at the LBJ Presidential Library and texts
3 days after becoming President Lyndon Baines Johnson made a promise about civil rights phone call to Martin Luther King
bike one of the great products of a better grade
grocery store tomorrow and you can count on Madison Ave do my best to get a man to do likewise
and a half century later a celebration of a promise kept
what I meant to be on the outside what's his place
in the making their lives better was what the hell the presidency was born
presidential legacy Vietnam LBJ's Family odds of 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act picture daughter Lynda Bird Johnson Robb
nothing he would be proud of what we've done and he would also say we have for dinner go and we all need to keep peanut the eye on the prize
3 day celebration of the LBJ Library brought together presidents past and present in a pantheon of civil rights era clothing Congressman John Lewis still bears the scars of that struggle
President Obama would not be president if the new Johnson and not pass the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 6 & 5 secrets the climate
hand made it possible
Samantha color to be elected president
and its legacy that LBJ's family and friends hope someday Chuck Todd NBC News Austin Texas
and there is breaking political news tonight out of Washington NBC News has confirmed Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius is resigning after 5 years on the job
and following the Rocky roll out of President Obama's healthcare law she was the president appoint person to implement a law she come under fire numeral
times from Republicans especially their what calls her job back when the website debuted as a giant debacle she was allowed to stay on through the deadline
a painful day on Wall Street today image concerns about another possible tech bubble on the rise the Nasdaq sides biggest one day fall in more than 2
Sears of more than 3 Dow and S&P fell sharply as well go ahead for us this evening the steering impact of the current her when epidemic in America
family including one of our viewers who came before the other night after seeing a report opening up about her fight to save her son and later a man who came to represent Boston strong the amazing changes in his life now one year later
all this week here we been reporting on the heroin epidemic in parts of this country in at the heart of all of this are the families
what are battling to help their love ones overcome their addictions and overcome overdoses we have heard from a lot of family including one mother outside Boston to reach out what national correspondent in the studio tonight
Brian so many people so many messages start my son my brother my daughter in late Monday 1 about a young man who Dover does Enrique was revived with the drug called narcan
in a suburb of Boston his mom wrote song was almost taken and I see you tonight after 3 doses narcan thank God paramedics had it all we found her
family adventure Helen back this week dani is the second oldest 6 kids last week overdose on heroin and this Monday morning he saw himself up for outpatient rehab but then wanted one last high
mom Debbie says most of the family was home when Danny's older brother found him from Dover in his room
live in a text saying yes
her daughter Samantha was trying to shield her 9 year old sister from seeing her big brother like this
MSM and dad holding her and that's when she looked at me and says he gonna live until birth and crying
Danny's diseases affecting everyone in this family has his father David you don't sleep
my teenager is in a stress out about it
it's hard to try to explain to a 9 year old what drug abuse is
in the corner of her sons hospital room Debbie was calling residential rehab facilities it's a struggle many families face there's no guidebook for rehab centers in insurance does an awesome cover Link residential
you have to be on the phone with a full time job I have 6 kids
managing an addiction is a full time job
she cant wait for a bed to open in a state run facility O'Sheas found a spot at a private rehab in Tennessee family members are loan in the $20
praying that works really work
looking through photos yesterday and Debbie came across a birthday card any Roden
e-value time with me and everyone else in the family telling his mom how much she means to him I'm running a long time I need to hear that stay from him
and I know he's going to say it again
tonight dani is on his way to Tennessee to start treatment
I'm not ashamed of my son I'm proud of my son and I love him with every fiber of my being in there is nothing
I won't do to make sure that I give him every shot at recovery
the drug that saved Andrea on Monday is narcan update on star story from last week about that the governor of Maine have told us he opposed allowing parents to have narcan but this week changed course he now supports making it available immediately family members under certain conditions
running a lot of eyes with your work your case no one else is part of the series kpax we are back in a moment but the forecast just released that has millions paying close attention
we learn today the third and final component of a complete change in late night is now in place today Stephen Colbert was named to succeed David Letterman steps of side sometime next year Colbert as part of the comedy graduating class
behind a fan along with Jimmy Kimmel on a VCR on Jimmy Fallon Evelyn mount a something real close to a generational shift after your late local news Colbert send Ave He will host as himself meaning he will drop the character the persona he uses to host The Colbert Report
is 49 years old is signed a five-year deal worth told and Sons CVS on Comedy Central have the same parent company is not stealing
much is it is a permanent loan sometimes there right sometimes not so much but for what it's worth this year's long term hurricane forecast is out
the forecaster is at Colorado State Project a quiet Atlantic hurricane season mostly because they say ill Nino will raise the war in the Pacific well the Atlantic waters have been cooling on a trend
we will see you in September muscle car fans look away here are the pictures of the last of the Corvettes that fell into that money to open up the Corvette Museum
this mangled records used to be a beautiful rocket sled a 2001 z06 all 8 cars are out now some better than others. This one sadly a total loss
another big fire in Boston last night when to add alarm sound when they rolled up on a Boston firefighters knew they need a lot of water
and then this is why you don't park in front of a hydrant that's a 4 inch hose running through the windows of somebody's BMW not uncommon one firefighters are in a hurry and someone has been inconsiderate
the driver was find $100 bill need to know when does the car was driven away this morning as one firefighter said it's like parking in a handicap spot you just don't do that
and the tweet of the day the comeback of the day goes to Julia louis-dreyfus last night we show you her spectacular Rolling Stone cover where in the Constitution are back the way other people wear their hearts on their sleeves and we put it out the problem at John Hancock he signed the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution
Dreyfus has cleared it all up and we stand corrected she said the day quotes John Hancock not part of tattoo with a birthmark 1962 photo is proof and sure enough you'll forgive the nudity but there it is in the flesh
when we come back tonight the remarkable come back of a young man living up to the idea of Boston strong
find me tonight in the year since the Boston Marathon bombing we've got to know Jeff Bauman and while he has since gently corrected us that his family name is actually pronounce Bowman the Jeff we came to know either way back then has changed a lot
remember we gotta know im from that picture that still hard to look at the blood in the life or draining from his body
while he lost both legs Jeff Bauman survive a day with help is written about his life and struggles and victories in a new book called stronger and recently we went back to Boston to check back in on M st anniversary approaches
Jeff Bauman knows the exact moment when his life changed I remember
this kid standing next to me to send out a place and he was the setting of the best back in and it was really odd foot look out of my eyes tear down an anaconda
what in the next instant Tamerlan tsarnaev was gone then Jeffrey members of flash in a pot
what you remember after that called salata Kaos murah be really hot smell really bad
smoking everywhere people going crazy does debris all over us and in the chaos with
Bowman bleeding badly there was the man in the cowboy hat to save his life
that's a lot of courage to run into something like that not knowing if there could be another bomb what if there was another one
what if its in Goa
does it feel like it's been
feels like a month gone by since its everything pencil Quicken
I've been doing so much Dakota Fighting Sioux
finding yourself to move forward
the pain was unimaginable the physical therapy has been growling but he quickly became part of that Boston strong rallying cry and in the years since Carlos Arredondo the man in the cowboy hat has been at his side so have many of his sports heroes
the Bruins the Socs the Celtics everyone dear to you in Boston sports
yeah I can ask for much more
greatest fight go to a ball game econoprint you back to feel before the tragedy connotation Monterey from everything
his family and friends kept up the study encouragement and his girlfriend Erin who was running in the race that day never left side with in 4 months of losing both legs Jeff Bauman took his first steps just watch you getting around today you get a new set of kicks your doing
yeah you're doing it that's a big deal if its hard its alright its hard work but it's worth it
what's a big nose going to be a dad and husband so that's got that going for you
does a very nervous but I know it's gonna be great and everyone I talk to says she don't want you hold your child
the whole different life
excited to get that new aspect of life how does going to die and now I'm walking around
1000 is trucking through a tragic event in coming out can a way better than before
how about that Jeff Bauman one year later that conversation and many others along with new revelations from the investigation all part of an hour long special report wear a ring tomorrow night on this very station attracts 108 hours from the start of the marathon to capture that second suspect that is tomorrow night at 8
7 central for now for us that's our broadcast on a Thursday night thank you for being here with us on Brian Williams we hope to see right back here tomorrow evening as we go off the air let's finish
something beautiful cherry blossoms in Washington judge to be at their peak right